---
layout: post
title:  "My Journey to Synack"
author: chandler
categories: [ pentests,]
image: assets/images/3.jpg
featured: true
---


### The Journey
It all started two years ago when I first dipped my toes into the world of hacking. Back then, I had a few CompTIA certifications under my belt, a bunch of solved Capture The Flag (CTF) challenges, and an endless, almost insatiable need to hack all the things (still do!). You could say I was like a kid in a candy store—except the candy was machines, and the store was HackTheBox.

Around this time, I was on the hunt for part-time hacking opportunities because I was still in the military, and so I couldn’t work full time. And I mean, who wouldn't want to get paid to do what they love, right? During one of my late-night internet deep dives, I stumbled upon the Synack Red Team’s website. The moment I saw it, I knew I wanted to be part of the team.

Now, I had no idea what it took to become a member, but that didn’t stop me. Without thinking twice, I submitted an application, attaching my resume and the few certs I had acquired. And then… I waited. And waited. And waited some more. All I got was a confirmation email that my application had been received. And then—just radio silence.

Fast forward a year. By now, I had landed my first gig as a Red Team Operator. I was getting my hands dirty with some real-world experience, but I was still open to part-time work. Around the holidays, with a bit of free time on my hands and fresh off the high of passing  Red Team Operator job certification, I decided to take another shot at joining Synack.

This time, I had more credentials to back me up. I updated my resume, polished up my application, and hit submit. Surely, this time things would be different! But alas… nothing. Again, just that lonely confirmation email, like a friend who only texts you on your birthday.

After my first year as a Red Team Operator, I had leveled up. I’d learned a ton on the job, found some bugs through HackerOne, and even collected a few more certifications along the way. I was becoming more interested in bug bounty hunting, and the prospects of a private program with less competition appealed to me. So, one night, on a whim, I decided to give it one more go with Synack. I mean, third time's the charm, right? 

To my surprise, within two days, I received an email. But this wasn’t just any email—this was the email I’d been waiting for. They thought I matched what they were looking for! Cue the excitement, and maybe a little bit of dancing. The next step was a one-way interview, where I had to record my answers to a series of questions. Pretty simple, right?


Wouldn’t you know it, I got the interview email about an hour before I was supposed to leave for DEFCON. Too excited to wait, I did what any rational person would do: I dropped everything, rushed through the interview in about 20 minutes, and then dashed out the door to catch my flight.

Five days later, as I was nursing my post-DEFCON exhaustion and starting to feel the affects of the CRUD, I got another email: I had passed the interview! The next step was a background investigation. I guess to make sure I was who I said I was. After the investigation wrapped up, I had to wait about a week before receiving the final onboarding steps.

These final steps involved completing a series of tutorials on how to interact with the Synack platform. Four hours later, I was done, and I fired off an email to support, letting them know I was ready.

The next day, I received the email: my Welcome Letter. I was officially a member of the Synack Red Team!

Becoming part of this team was a goal of mine for two years, and full of ups and downs. If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s that persistence pays off. So, if you’re on a similar path, don’t give up! Keep pushing, keep learning, and one day, you’ll find yourself at the top of that hill, looking back at how far you’ve come.


